Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining me again tonight.
I appreciate every single one of you. There
are
2,200 of you. We have work to do.
Let's go over some of the things that
the Lord talked to us about over the
last couple of days. We see it in the
news now. It's exciting whenever
we are praying as a family and the Holy
Spirit reveals so much to us. All
glory to him. I want to go
over first what Braden has; he
has
a presentation with some good
stuff. I told him, 'I'm so proud of
you, son.'Yesterday we took off and
there was video. I said we could do a
video right now for some of the things
the Holy Spirit said, but we'll go
over
what I saw.
In prayer, we saw
crypto—a
lot about crypto, a lot
coming for crypto. I saw a plumb line.
And the plumb line was being laid. A
major foundation was being laid. And the
Lord said, 'In the days ahead, you're
going to see new legislation come out
concerning crypto and the United States
government,
and Trump will sign this, and there'll
be a big push for this that will bring
stability in a new economic
system.'I
saw a bubble that was massive and
full of what looked like some kind
of acid
water substance, and it was very
turbulent. It was moving and
jostling around, and this bubble was
getting bigger and bigger and
bigger. And the Lord specifically said
that there was nothing we could do about
this bubble. There's nothing they can do
to stop it, so just enjoy it as they pop
it.
The bubble is in
trouble. And all of a sudden, I saw them
stick the side of that membrane, that
bubble, and it exploded.
But all the things that
are pertaining to the Beast system
started to take off like a rocket. I saw
a rocket take off.
And the Lord
said a new industrial revolution
concerning crypto and the finances.
And I saw banks.
It was tiered. Did I go over this more
than once, son?
No.
You sure? Was
this the
last video or the one before?
Because
I don't want to go over things
twice.
CBDC.
This is all fresh.
I don't
remember what I've rehearsed
back over telling you all what
I saw. So, I saw the buildings and
there were three major banks.
But it was tiered.
And
the Lord was
showing me that the banks
represented the financial
backing that they had—the more money
they had. But I saw Bank of America. And
the Lord said in the days ahead, Bank of
America will adopt crypto
legislation that will be lending
platforms.
These major banks I saw—and I'm
going to say this for all the haters out
there, this is all in my opinion
for entertainment purposes only. I'm
not a financial adviser.
I've been told
that. So
I'm just telling you
all
this is my opinion and I'm
entitled to my opinion of what the Lord
has shown me.
I saw these major banks go up and
I saw
that
Bank of America, Wells Fargo,
Chase, and other banks would
start trickling in,
using
crypto as a lending platform in the days
ahead instead of the United States
dollar all the time. It would be a
form for houses and cars,
and that's where they would start it out
in the future. And
I saw the king of cryptos being the
king still, but there were others
that I've always talked about
that were tiered off. Five pillars. Does
anybody remember the five
pillars of crypto that I've told you
the Lord showed me in visions?
Five pillars branching off
of the king crypto. And
the Lord showed me that there
would be
lending platforms for these certain
things. And
eventually, when the dollar would be in
trouble, I heard the word CBDC
and a new industrial revolution.
And this will bring in
the Beast
system in the future, but
it would start out friendly.
I saw Japan's economy was in trouble.
And the Lord said specifically, 'Japan's
economy is in trouble. Their
currency is in
trouble.'I
saw the Euro in trouble again. And the
Lord kept talking to me about Italy.
Italy is in trouble. Their currency is
in trouble.
Their
finances are in trouble and the Lord was
showing me all this. As I saw
this, I saw Trump behind a massive
battleship like an old
Mayflower.
He was behind it and he had an old
sailor's hat on, and my son did it
through AI. I thought it was
fantastic. There was a storm all around
him and he was sailing with this
bulldog face like, 'I am going
to make it through this storm.'And he
had a hold of that boat and he was
steering through this massive storm.
I thought it was really cool
that he did that.
Good job. But as I was seeing him
do this, I saw Eric
and I saw Eric really blessed. I saw Don
Jr. really blessed and they started to
give Coinbase a run for their money.
The fees
for Coinbase are way too high.
And I saw a percentage
at the asterisk—you know, the
percentage symbol?
It was right there in front
of me and I saw a percentage and it was
cut in half.
Fees
for transactions concerning buying or
whatever will be cut in half, making it
more profitable. Like if you
are
big money people and you bought
$100 million—and I don't remember the
fee of Coinbase, I think it's like almost
three or four percent, it's huge, it's
ridiculous—but
you know,
if you do that on a wide
scale
and you're always bouncing crypto
around, that becomes
very lucrative for Coinbase. But I saw a
new kind of platform and
the Lord said, 'Remember Gemini, the
Winklevoss
twins? Remember their
platform?'But
I saw a new platform rising up in the
days ahead, a new way to be
able to purchase, because
I don't think the Winklevoss
twins'Gemini
is a very good
platform. That's just my opinion. I
like Coinbase, but it's very
interesting because the Lord said this
would be another strong front to give
Coinbase a run for its money. And I saw
this Asian man. I don't know if he's
Chinese, he might be
Japanese. But this man
right here, I saw him and the Lord said,
'Remember the pardons. Watch this man in
the future.'I didn't realize this man
was worth seven
or eight
billion
dollars.
Watch this man in
the days ahead. Watch what happens. He
was pardoned for a reason.
I saw... sorry, my nose
is itching tonight. I have to make
sure I don't have an old friend. I told
Braden earlier, 'Please
always check my
nose.'Sorry,
just being real.
What was I saying next? What am I
missing?
Migration of people.
I saw a migration of people again
leaving New York and Chicago, Boston,
Philadelphia, all these areas, and a
lot of migration of Christian families
in the days ahead. They were getting
ready. They had a knowing inside that
something major was about to take place
and they wanted to be a part
of the revival. I saw them packing
up their bags. They looked like
the Beverly Hillbillies in
the vision. I saw them have the
Beverly Hillbilly wagon with
granny on the top, and they were
so excited because they were
headed south to
Oklahoma and these areas in Texas. I
thought it was interesting
because
in the vision
it looked like those
old-timey
cars with the
big bundle like Santa Claus,
like the Beverly Hillbillies. I
thought it was interesting
because that was the way that vision
was.
Then you saw that white in England.
You saw that car.
Oh, and then I saw a Range Rover
and that was something. When the
Lord brought up the lending platforms,
he said specifically,
'Range
Rover.'And
I thought, 'Well, why not Bentley?
Why not Ferrari?'There's a reason; it's
symbolic. There's something there. So we
just keep praying over that. I think
it's interesting when he
shows certain things. Range Rover
and you saw seagulls.
I saw seagulls flying around.
I saw a furnace that was being cooked
hotter,
and I thought that was interesting. It
looked like a bread oven.
And the oven was cooking hotter and
hotter. It was so hot
that you couldn't touch the
furnace. And the Lord said, 'Pay
attention to this. The furnace was being
stoked hot. That which was around you
was on fire.'And I saw the furnace
that was so hot that it was glowing with
a red cherry glow. But it was a stove to
cook your food on. And I know that's
symbolic. So
I just keep
praying into this. I get the
interpretation as I go and the Lord will
say, 'Remember that.'But I saw a
furnace and it looked like one
of those pizza ovens that you put your
pizzas in. But it was so hot it was
glowing like cherry red, like when you touch
metal. The hotter the metal glows,
it
gets hotter
and hotter. The oven was so hot that it
was glowing cherry red.
As I was seeing the crypto,
as I was seeing a new industrial
revolution, it got really hot.
You saw the car market.
Yes, I saw the car market. I saw the
housing market and then the Lord said,
'Watch May.
Watch the month of May concerning
interest rates. Watch this month,
December, concerning interest
rates.'I'm
praying that I saw—and I'm going to
tell you all this
over the course of time—I saw a new Jerome
Powell
goes, 'Okay.'And what I
believe I saw was a woman,
and I want to show you who I believe
this woman was. Now, this is what I'm
praying into; please don't go—I'm not
quoting anybody, I'm just telling you
what I believe I saw. Look,
you want to show her? You have the
picture of her right there. You just
showed her to me.
Move right there. That's a
woman. You see her?
I believe in my opinion that that could
be who Trump picks for Jerome
Powell's
job.
Look down. Look at what she says.
The
Fed
says bank regulators are working on
stablecoin
rules.
They're working on it.
So they're working on the
stablecoin.
They released that the day before
yesterday. So they're all announcing
that they're ready for the stablecoins
and
things. So this was a big
deal two days ago. And I didn't know it
until Diana started researching it and
it was a really big win for XRP
concerning the stuff that we read and
that this would be a major win for
banks concerning XRP and trading with
XRP. I thought that was interesting. So
that's what's being said. Diana
was
reading about it.
Then this comes out today about one of
the banks that the Lord showed us.
The Lord said, 'Remember,'and Bank of
America recommends crypto exposure in
all client portfolios.
That's interesting.
I said the words when you're seeing
them, they're happening so fast. Look at
that. So that came out today.
4%
of what they're saying, right? Look,
go down, son. Go down so they can
read that right there.
Okay.
So, Bank of America is recommending
wealth management clients allocate up to
4% of their portfolios to crypto assets,
making
digital assets available to
its 70 million clients, making the
latest push by digital assets into
mainstream financial institutions.
One of the major banks the Lord showed
us. Isn't that interesting? Out of the
three,
that was the one of the top banks
that I saw
and I thought, 'Well, Jesus, aren't you
wonderful?'He
warns us of things to
come. So, we'll leave this there.
Next,
the Lord warned us about Zelensky going
to Macron asking for help and saying,
'We don't want peace. We want war, war,
war.'Remember
I said this and he was
looking over his shoulder and he was
looking at Macron in the vision and he
said, 'What do I do
now?'Because
Trump's trying to
strongarm me. And Zelensky didn't want
to be strong-armed. Neither did
Macron.
And the Lord said, 'Watch
Zelensky
in the days ahead, for he will
come out like a Hitler and a tyrant more
than what you ever could imagine. And
people will say he is the Antichrist,
but he is not. He is the Ishmael to
the Antichrist.
He is the Ishmael. Like the Ishmael and
the Isaac. That's what the Lord was
referring to.
So in Ishmael, it's not right this. So
you're going to see Macron come out
and they'll push war, war, war. Then
I saw Trump say, 'We want peace. We want
to bring peace. We don't want war. Don't
you all want to stop this
nonsense?'But
they want war. Why? Because I told you
the euro was in trouble. So, I saw a
black swan event coming that would drag
the United States of America into this
even deeper as we tried to pull out and
say, 'We don't want this.'And who
remembers what I saw happening?
I saw an event to provoke with
red-tip
missiles. Remember this? And I saw
missiles coming from
the United Kingdom and from this man.
And I saw an escalation of things in the
days ahead. So, can we stop that? Have we
stopped it? I don't know.
I see part here and part just like I
tell y'all all the time. This is what
we're seeing. What
the Lord
said was coming. Lord said,
'You need to know this. It's
the Holy Ghost. It's not Brandon
Biggs.'But
I want you to see that. So,
that's what we're praying over now.
Part of our prayer assignment tonight.
Then after he has the meeting
yesterday with Macron
and Zelensky,
the guy dropping
cocaine boogers out of his nose.
We don't know where the
money went. We don't have any idea where
the 100 billion
dollars went. America, we're sorry.
Corruption. And I said 24 billion of it
is in politicians'pockets. Look at this
of United States senators. Look at this
right here. I saw
this. They're all having their meeting.
So I want you to see what Putin says
today in response to their meeting:
'I've said that 100 times. We have no
plans of fighting against Europe. If
Europe wants to fight and they start
this fight, then we are ready right now.
There is no doubt about this. But the
only question is if Europe starts the
war, unleashes this war because that's
not Ukraine.
With Ukraine, we use some surgical
means. We are trying to be really
careful
because you understand why this is not a
war in the direct sense of the word. And
Europe all of a sudden wants to start a
war and if it does start a war then
very rapidly there might be a situation
where we have no one to negotiate
with.'I
wanted to hear what he said about
Trump.
What did he say about Trump?
Remember what he said? Trump wants
peace. They're negotiating, but
they're going against him.
You had to read that
one. I got it here.
If you have to read it, I'm not
reading it.
Your mama's not here, son.
I can try to read it.
They can read it.
You can read the subtitles; I'll let
you read them.
He brought lots of people
and we saw
this.
He's even saying
exactly what the Holy Spirit told us
was being said. The Holy Spirit
warned us about this before they even
had these meetings, before he even said
this. Isn't that Holy Spirit awesome? I
said, "Look at that. Look what you did
again, Lord."He always tries to tell us
what is to come so that we know how to
pray. On this channel, we want to be
accurate and not be flaky. There's a lot
of flakiness out there. My job
is to bring prophetic accuracy
with the Holy Ghost, and he is our
helper. We see in part, hear in
part, and look at this part that we have
seen by the Holy Spirit to warn us that
they're going to try to create. We know
the next stage is a black swan event.
And we are going to come against it
tonight and pray over this because what
I saw coming would provoke the bear,
which is Putin, to strike Warsaw,
Poland with a weapon that we've never
seen before. I've warned you of this;
the Holy Spirit has warned you of this
how many times? There is a weapon that
the world has never seen used before
that will be used in the days ahead
if we do not deescalate this quickly.
The other part was praying over Israel,
for I heard the word regrouping.
And so we pray for President Trump
to have greater discernment concerning
who he considers an ally in Syria. Look
at this.
He says,
"Congratulations."Look,
Trump
to Syria, Jolani, you will be a
great leader.
Trump is saying that this guy
is going to be a great leader. But I
told you he was very evil and he was a
liar and he's two-faced against the
decision that he made and the things
he's saying to Trump. For I saw the
Islamic Brotherhood in his pocket and
he's
buddies with him and Turkey
in the days ahead with a great
escalation of an attack of Ezekiel 38 and
war concerning Israel in the days
ahead. This will be the front of Ezekiel
38 and
39.
And this is what the Lord has warned
us about. Trump is
saying, "Oh, you're going to be
a great leader. We're going to
deescalate things."No, this guy is
two-faced and he's an evil man and Trump
needs to watch out for him. The same
with
MBS.
That's why we pray
for President Trump not to divide the
land of Israel. We pray for the peace of
Jerusalem. We stand with the
peace of Jerusalem. We pray for the
Israeli people, the Jewish people.
And that's where we go with
that. But I wanted to show you this.
The Holy
Spirit said in the days ahead to watch
Venezuela.
I saw in the spirit when I was praying
again about this man.
I can show
you
the article.
Trump, I told you I saw in the spirit
when I was praying. The Holy Spirit
showed us that that man
would be removed like a Gaddafi and a
Saddam Hussein, and they would put in a
proxy government
to
take over Venezuela. And
when this happened, I saw great revival
breaking out in Venezuela.
The Lord said it's not
just about drugs. Drugs is 10%.
But what is truly the problem is
Venezuela joining up with the
BRICS.
It's 90%.
For trying to keep them from funding the
BRICS
money, they would bring
backing to a funding of the money
of the oil to fund the
BRICS
by signing agreements with the
dollar.
So he must go, right? Because nothing
stands against the dollar.
It is
pretty amazing. This is the world we
live in. It's war. So will we see war
in Venezuela? I pray we don't. I
hope he just steps out and goes
on his way because you don't want
to see people lose their lives. But at
the same time, this man is bad. The Lord
showed me this man is bad and we need to
pray for the nation because I saw
witchcraft on the nation
and the Lord showed me, "I'm going
to bring a great liberty of my spirit
throughout all of Venezuela and there'll
be a proxy government set
up and it will bring freedom financially
and there'll be stability that they've
never had before to take out a
dictator with great corruption in the
government concerning drugs
and
sex trafficking."And it was linked to
Cuba and Mexico. There was
a percentage of it
that was bad and there was a percentage
of it that was about oil.
How long has the Holy
Spirit been telling us this, son?
Since 2023.
He said he was a bad man clear
back at the beginning of 2024.
I showed you
there was Saudi Arabia and
things
that would try to bring down the dollar.
And that was whenever I saw Trump
trying to salvage America. He
was pedaling
as fast as he could
because he was about ready to go over
the waterfall and there was
no way to stop what was about to happen to the United
States. I
thought it was amazing that President
Trump came out and said
that
basically
it's a 50/50
shot.
He even knows. We're too top-heavy.
And if the
Supreme Court
Justices
go against the tariffs and all the
things that he's trying to do to
buy time, it's a TKO. And the Lord
said there is no plan B.
You must stand for the Supreme
Court Justices to coincide with Trump.
This is a life and death situation
concerning the dollar.
This will take America into a great
depression—the
dam that I told you I saw
back in 2024. If Kamala Harris would
have won, I saw economic disaster
and it was written across the dam.
The Lord
said, "Because the prayers of
the people and you voted the right way,
I'm giving you more
time."There
is no
plan B
concerning the American economy.
It is a do or die. That's how serious
this is. So you pray for the Supreme
Court Justices to
coincide with this to bail out the
dollar right now for us. He said there
will be a great financial turnaround
and I saw interest rates
going down. I saw them going almost down
to zero. It was around 1%,
2.5%.
They kept pushing it down
after Jerome Powell gets out.
The
Lord said, "Ride the wave
for it won't last very
long."I
saw interest
rates going way down and stimulation
in the economy. The Lord said,
"Ride the wave for it won't last very
long."And
I saw a wave of
glory outpouring for
people. And that's why the Lord was
telling us about how to pray for
that. I think it's
interesting because we see these things
starting to happen. The Lord said,
"I saw President Trump writing
legislation concerning
these things with a quill pen."And it was passed. He
was signing it with this golden
quill
pen and golden ink.
He was
writing what looked like a new
Declaration of Independence,
similar
to
the
one
everyone
knows.
It was all in really beautiful
cursive writing
on parchment paper that looked
like the Declaration of Independence.
If you've watched
the
movies—of
course, I've never seen it in real life—but like in
National Treasure with
Nicholas Cage,
the
Declaration,
probably done with AI.
Well, it was all in
gold and President Trump
was writing this. But as he was writing
with this
quill
pen, the writing was
not just gold; it started to bounce out
as glowing gold.
It started to glow. He was writing
on this golden parchment,
putting in new legislation
concerning crypto, I believe, and
things concerning the housing market and
things ahead.
I'm not going to give a time frame;
I saw what I saw.
I just keep praying into this as
my kids and I do. As I
was out tonight driving around,
the Lord said, "I want you to
get big inside of you.
Look and focus on big. You
have to see it and have an inner image
of it with the Word. Find
scripture to back what I'm telling you,
but see it and get an image of it inside
of you.
Think bigger."You must think bigger—driving
through
bigger neighborhoods with
bigger houses and looking at
nicer cars.
With all the things the Lord shows me
in
visions, I
see it inside. I grab hold of it and
have those images of how to pray
concerning it. I interceded
yesterday because I didn't do a
video. I sat down with Paisley,
Diana, and Braden Wall. I
said there was Black Friday
shopping in Honolulu, Hawaii, and I said,
"Let's go to the place I saw with the
terrorist attacking that mall at the
Gucci store and let's walk that in the spirit."We watched a video of a guy filming as
he
was
walking
the mall
Black Friday shopping. It
was
full
of
people.
I
was able to visualize walking and
praying over the mall
because
it's thousands of miles away.
I told Diana, "This is how I would
do it if I was here. Let's go
there and take an hour
and a half and go to Honolulu
tonight via
YouTube."The
guy
was walking the streets,
going through the mall,
showing the stores and
the
shoppers.
As I got to the center of
the mall praying in the spirit with my
family, I went into great travail and
felt
that
stomach sickness again, like I did about the 14
people that were massacred in
California. I interceded in this area,
rewinding it and
praying over this
part of the mall for
a long time
until I felt a release. Diana asked, "Is
it gone?"and I
said, "No."I'm telling you this because this is the
video
I was
watching.
Do you see
this?
You see him walking through the
mall; it's
busy, and you see the stores.
There's a Gucci store right there across
from Chanel. That's what I
saw. It was right here where the
Lord showed me a major event trying to
take place with mass
shootings.
I was interceding, watching
this video, and praying with my family over
this because, in the natural, it
would
be a miracle if we ever went there.
It
helped
connect my faith
with the people of this area
because
I feel such an urgency to
pray over these mass casualty
events. That
was just an idea of the Holy Spirit. He
said, "Do this."I
realized
I could
"go"there.
When you put it on a big screen,
we
just interceded. Paisley and the
others, we
were praying over it like
we
were walking the
mall together.
I'm not trying to
give his video a plug,
but that's
just how we had to do it.
Then we
went to Germany
and I walked the market praying over the
places
where I saw mass casualty
events. Then we
went to France and
I looked for the places the Lord
showed me over the Vatican over
Christmas. I did
this for
30 minutes
for highlights for whoever wanted to see
and pray with
us. I do this for you so you have
something to
reference.
If
it comes in the news, you can say
the Holy Spirit warned this way in
advance.
All glory to Jesus.
Thank you for joining me tonight.
I tried really hard to keep it under
35 minutes.
There was one more thing:
the
plumb
line. You said there is
a plumb
line.
I talked about the plumb line, but
Trump's health is
also
very interesting.
Braden accidentally forgot this because
we talked about this. He released his
MRI results and his heart and veins
are clear. I
instantaneously asked,
"Lord, did I
miss it? You told me to intercede for
this man's heart and the
veins in
his
neck."But
I thought, if there wasn't anything to
it, why would
he bring it out?
There was something more and the Lord
had us praying for his health; we
will continue to pray that he lives long
and finishes strong.
It was interesting because it
went alongside what we had been
seeing concerning his
heart and arteries.
That's his official report from the
doctor
concerning his arteries.
Why did he
even
have it
done? I've
never seen any president do this.
George Bush didn't,
Obama didn't,
and Joe Biden, who runs into walls,
didn't do it either.
It's amazing
to us because
it's what we pray for all the time:
that he lives
long, finishes strong, and that his
arteries and veins are clear.
He
brought
that out
on
December 1st.
And
the blonde lady, Karoline, is that
right?
Levitt
talked about
it. So, pretty interesting. All
right. Let's pray.
Do you have any questions? I'll answer
a couple of questions. Give
me a good one. If you don't, I'm
probably passing it. I talked
to a man on the phone today.
You know, I got an email
and the Lord spoke to me and said, "I
want you to talk to a guy named
Brian."He
emailed today and I called
Brian on the phone.
The Lord said, "I want you to encourage
him. There's some things there."And the
Lord revealed some things to me,
but Brian has a great
future. He's
twenty-some
years old and God has something huge
for Brian to do. So I'm going to
keep praying for Brian. I thought it was
interesting because I don't call anybody
and talk to them, but the Lord
specifically when I got the email, he
said, "You need to talk to him
today."And
I said, "Say what?"I said, "Okay,
I'll do it."And so I told Diana
and Diana
goes, "You don't ever do that. You
have people contact you all day long
asking to talk to you."And I said, "But
the Lord said it.
He specifically pointed this man
out."twenty-some
years old.
And I said,
"Okay."So
interesting, I thought. I talked
to a man named Brian today.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for your
body that was broken for us. Every one
of us are here. All 7,500 of us are here
to pray for our nation, to pray for
whatever you want for us, Father,
concerning finances.
I know what you showed me, Lord. And the
devil, you said this is Satan's
wheelhouse. You said he is trying
to block it. But you will have to
contend for the finances ahead. You will
have to contend for it. You cannot just
sit there idly by and just go, "Well,
where's my harvest?"You've got to
confess to possess. You've got to say
out of your mouth and speak to your
mountain and tell it to
be thou removed and be thou cast into
the sea. And we shall not doubt in our
heart. We shall have whatsoever things
we say. We believe that today is the day
of a turnaround. That Trump will sign
legislation
concerning our nation and crypto and the
things ahead. That these banks will all
go alongside this.
And that the greatest wealth transfer
this generation has ever seen will
manifest. You said it will be bigger
than the dot-com
era.
It will be bigger than the
internet.
This will be the new industrial
revolution with AI. Capital A, lowercase
i is what you said, Father. And I
believe it.
And you have called us to the kingdom
for such a time as this. We have
assembled
with all these
great intercessors and we take this body
in the name of Jesus and we thank you
Lord that we're healed by your stripes.
We thank you Lord that we don't have to
be sick in our body because you took it
all for us.
You became sickness for us. You became
it. You took it all in your body. And
Father, what you bore in your body, we
need not bear in our own. Mental
torment, depression, anxiety, fear,
worry. We are free in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that this
beautiful Christmas season,
Father, there's no depression on
anybody, that they walk in abundance of
joy, joy unspeakable and full of glory.
And we thank you, Lord, for the body. We
thank you Lord that you took that on the
cross for us. We thank you Lord that we
don't have to bear it in our own body
and we take this in the name of Jesus in
remembrance of what you did for us. And
we just want to say thank you. Lord, in
Jesus'name.
Lord, we make much of the blood
and the blood makes much of us. We thank
you Lord that it's never lost its
power. The moment we confess our sins,
you said in your word that you are
faithful and just to forgive us of our
sins and cleanse us from all
unrighteousness.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the
mighty blood of Jesus.
Father, I thank you. What can wash away
my sins? Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again? Nothing
but the blood of Jesus. It has never
lost its power.
Precious is the flow that makes me white
as snow. As far as the east is from the
west, he's taken my sins from me. I
thank you, Father. I thank you, Lord.
The moment we confess it, you don't
even remember anymore. You said you cast
it into the sea of forgetfulness. It's
done. And Father, we confess that we
probably messed up today. I don't know.
But even if we did, we don't even know.
Father, I don't want to be
sin-conscious,
but Father,
I know your grace is sufficient.
You've always washed in
the blood, but I always keep myself
right before you by
crawling up in your lap and saying, "You
are my father. You are my Abba Father.
You're Jehovah Jireh. You are El Elyon, the
most high. You are everything that I
ever need, everything we'll ever think
about needing. You are that for
me."And
I take this blood in the name of Jesus.
And I thank you Lord for the blood that
covers us, covers my wife, covers my
children, covers my finances, covers my
house, my car, whatever I have. Father,
I thank you, Lord, that the angels of
the Lord are camped around and about us
right now. And we thank you, Lord, that
there's no demonic spirit coming
against us, no witchcraft, no
incantations, no chants, no voodoo;
nothing comes nigh us. Father, every
tongue that rises against us, they fall
to the ground in Jesus'name. Every word,
every curse, for you cannot curse whom
God has blessed. For greater is he that
is in me than he that is in the world. A
thousand shall fall at my
side and 10,000 at my right hand, but
nothing shall come nigh me. I believe in
the power of the covenant. I believe in
the blood of Jesus. I'm seated with you
in the heavenlies, far above all
principalities and powers and might.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we have
dominion. And we take our dominion in
our rightful place, seated with you. And
I thank you, Father, for that blood that
covers me from the top of my head to the
soles of my feet. And I take this blood
right now in the name of Jesus. And we
thank you, Lord, for your powerful
blood. Amen and amen.
I thank you, Lord. I cover my eyes.
If you have anything to show me tonight
uninterrupted,
I ask you to speak through my vocal
cords.
Think
through my mind. None of me and
all of you. It's in Jesus'name we pray.
Uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force. Thank you,
Lord, for the blood that covers my eyes
tonight. Father, that I am not ensnared by
any kind of demonic spirit. That I only
see what you want me to see, if you even
have anything for me to see. We're not
here to perform. We're here just to
crawl up in your lap, God. But Father,
if there's anything we can help you
with, we come to your throne boldly.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that your
word says you will show us that which is
to come. And in the last days, you said
that you would pour your spirit upon all
flesh.
All flesh. In your sons and your
daughters. Father, I thank you young
men will see visions and your old men
will dream dreams. I'm not old yet,
obviously. So, thank you, Lord, that we
are young and I'm seeing in the
spirit just like you said we would
in Joel chapter 2.
Thank you, Lord.
We yield.
What was that song your sister was
singing earlier?
She was in the car just belting it out.
Boy, I felt like I was at a Benny
Hinn
meeting. What was
she singing? I said, "Boy, there's
anointing on that,
honey."Ask
her. Say, "What were you singing
in the car? What does daddy want
to know?"Just
go through this. Just hurry
quick because I want to sing it.
Paisley just talks.
She said, "The Holy Spirit's so real to
me."I
said, "Yeah."I think
she's a funny kid.
"He's so real to me. He's my
friend."I
said,
"Yeah."She's
getting so good at baking. She
made these homemade donuts
tonight. And she said, "Daddy, I want
you to have one."I said, "I told you I
can't eat that. I'm doing portion
control. I had half a hamburger today,
and I wouldn't eat the whole
thing."And
Diana said, "I'm proud of you."I said,
"And then Paisley comes home and makes
homemade donuts."I said, "Don't do
that. I can't eat that trash."She goes,
"Well, it's all organic."I said, "It
doesn't matter if it's organic. Daddy's
not eating
that."What
was it? She said "Only
Believe"or
"He Touched Me". It was one of those.
Yeah, it was "Only Believe".
And then she would say, "He Touched Me".
Oh, he touched me, and oh, the joy that
floods
my soul.
Something
happened,
and now I know
he touched me and made
me whole.
He
touched me,
oh,
he touched me,
and oh,
the joy that floods my soul.
Something
happened,
and now
I know
he touched me
and made
me whole. You know, Billy, I
don't ever hear him sing that very
often. That's his thing. We'll have to
talk to him because I'd love to
hear—what's
her name?
Lisa,
she sings like an angel. His singer.
And so that would be a fun one to hear.
I know I think she has sung it.
I remember—I
have to go back in my mind.
Yes, yes.
"Since I met my blessed
Savior."Maybe
she'll sing for us one
day.
Wouldn't that be wonderful? Billy said,
"No, I ain't sharing.
Got to keep her fresh, you know."And you
sing like that all the time. Oh, Father,
we thank you for the blood.
Thank you, Father. Thank you for my
friend Billy Burke. Father, I lift him
up before you tonight. I thank you,
Father, that you give him a fresh
presence on his life. Father, I thank
you, Lord, that you double that
anointing like you've told me you're
going to. Father, I thank you that you
double, then you triple, and that he
finishes even stronger than whatever he
started. Father, that it would be
such an overflow presence
on his ministry, Father, that
everybody that comes into
his services—not one of them will leave
sick. Not one of them will leave with
any kind of infirmity on their
lives. We ask you, Father, to touch him
even on a greater level tonight. Thank
you, Father, for my friend. Thank you,
Lord, for his wife. Thank you, Lord, for
their marriage. Give them strength
in their marriage; give them strength in
their children. Thank you, Lord, for the
blessing, and that they would not lack
any good thing all of 2026 financially,
in the mighty name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Father, we thank you,
O
Lord my God.
Thank you, Father.
Then sings my soul,
my Savior God to thee,
how great thou
art,
art.
Then sings my soul,
my Savior
God to thee.
How great thou art.
How great
thou
art.
Then sings my soul,
my Savior
God
to thee.
How great thou
art,
how great thou
art.
I can feel it; it's shifting. Thank the Holy
Ghost.
Only
believe.
All things are possible
when you only
believe.
Only
All things are possible
when you only
believe.
Only
All things are possible.
believe.
Lord, I
All things are possible
when you only
believe.
I see it.
I tell you what I see.
When I sing that song again, I
could see all of the great tent revivals
again. I could see them, and the Lord
keeps
saying it, "I'm bringing them back.
I'm bringing them back,
Brandon."But
this time there's greater
auditoriums than what there was back
then—major
stadiums filled with people
singing songs and worshiping, and the
healing power of God is going to flow in
those auditoriums.
The healing power of God, the fragrance
of the Holy Spirit for one major push,
one major last call, one major push for
the
greatest harvest of souls this world
has ever seen before.
As I was looking over and I was
praying this afternoon, I was praying
against that virus that I have seen so
many times
that will
seemingly wreak havoc upon the world.
Over hundreds of millions of people will
perish if this virus happens the way
I've seen it happen. But I have seen
this great revival and I've seen this
great move of the spirit of God. And the
Lord keeps telling me, "You can focus on
either side, Braden."The dark is going
to get darker and the light is going to
get lighter. He said, "I will pour out my
spirit upon all flesh on a greater
level."Can
these bones live?
Brandon,
can these bones live?
Can these bones live? Speak to the dry
bones upon this nation. Speak to the dry
bones in your congregation. Speak to the
dry bones upon Africa,
upon Asia, upon all of America, South
America. Speak to the bones over
the Middle East,
Europe.
Can these bones live?
I say, "Yes,
Lord."Father,
we
call the bones to live in the mighty
name of Jesus
for the greatest harvest of souls this
world has ever seen before. We thank you,
Father, for this will be the great open
door for salvations to happen from
shore to shore.
We call major revival.
We call the greatest harvest of souls.
We call them in in the name of Jesus.
For the harvest is plentiful and the
laborers
are few.
Will you help me bring in the harvest?
I see the wheat bowing down before the
Father again tonight.
I see the great harvest of souls bowing
down before the Father tonight. It's
before the Father; it is bowing down.
That means I keep seeing all the wheat.
Brandon, there's a major move
of God about to pour out upon this world
like you've never seen before.
And I see the wheat bending down
before him.
I see it again just as I talk to you; I
see the wheat bowing down before him.
Will you help him bring in the harvest?
He commissions every one of us.
It was interesting—I was talking to
somebody and I said, "Well, Lord,
what do you think about that
individual?"He
said, "Brandon,
I'm all hands on deck.
I'm all hands on deck,
Brandon."There
were things that the Lord shows me
about people sometimes,
and I just keep saying, "Purify my
heart, Lord.
Purify my heart."I don't know what I
look like before you, Lord, but I don't
want to look like what you show me they
look like to you.
Help me. I want to be—purify my
heart, Lord.
Purify me before you.
And the only way I know how to do that
is keep crawling up in your lap with
this blood of Jesus and my wife and just
keep sitting before you. And you become
so real to me, and dying to myself daily.
For the harvest is plentiful and the
laborers
are few. He keeps telling me,
"Will you help me bring in the harvest?
You're running out of time.
You're running out of time,
Braden."For
this, the time of this
dispensation of grace is coming to an
end, son.
There's no urgency in my church.
They've
become so lukewarm. There's so many
that are so lukewarm. But there is a
remnant and I will use the remnant.
But this would be birthed out of prayer.
He says there's no
urgency. How would you live your life if
you knew this was your last
Christmas?
How would you live your life if this was
your last New Year's?
What would be the urgency in your heart
to get the harvest around you? The
people, your family, your unsaved
loved ones. He said, "That's the urgency
that you should be living every single
day as if I was coming
today."Warn
my people again, Brandon, that I'm
coming.
They're weary in
well-doing. They've
become like the
lackadaisical—you
know, if you don't see what you think
you're going to see that week, well, you
know. But he said, "Stir the
people again."He always stirs the people.
Brandon,
tell them I'm coming.
Diana was reading this book—I don't
remember, it was by
Joseph Prince, it's right
there—there
was a quote that
she read to me and it stood out and I
texted Billy.
"Almost every event has its prophetic
prelude.
It is an old and common saying that
coming events cast their shadow before
them.
The wise man teaches us the same lesson
in
the verse before us. When
destruction walks through the land, it
casts
its shadow. It is in the shape of
pride."When
honor visits a man's house,
it casts its shadow before it. It is in
the fashion of humility.
Before destruction, the heart of a man
is haughty. Pride is as surely a sign of
destruction as the change of mercury in
the weather glass in the sign of rain,
and far more
infallibly.
Whatever so that—and then I
cut off the rest of it, but it was about
casting the shadow. Prophetic always is
the prelude; it starts first.
The warning of how he always has done: He
warns the prophetic voices first. He
warns the prophetic voices first of his
coming. Through John the Baptist
and
through all the prophetic people, they
warned of his coming the first time.
They warned and they warned. And I'm
telling you by the Spirit of God, Jesus
Christ is coming.
Unless a man is born again, he will not
enter into the kingdom of God.
I keep coming up to this
massive
door and I keep seeing the revival. I
keep seeing the great
cloud of witnesses. I see Kim Clement. I
see Kathryn
Kuhlman.
And they're all watching with great
anticipation what's about to happen in
this earth.
The great cloud of witnesses: it's Derek
Prince. Derek,
thank you.
The great cloud of
witnesses—they're
all anticipating what we're
about to see.
All of humanity
from the beginning,
from when Jesus went,
have been anticipating what we're about
to see.
We're about to see something that no man
has ever seen before.
I truly believe with all my heart
the
greatest move of God we have
yet to see is about to
happen. But he said it will come through
prayer. That's why he said raise up a
million men and women prayer army on
this channel. Pray, for every major
revival begins with prayer, but you'll
be one of the forerunners to pray and
bring the people to pray every day.
Pray for the revival. Pray
for your nation.
But it will take bigger than just what
they had at Pensacola.
It will take bigger than what they had
at Azusa. They may have had several
hundred. I don't know how
many—I've
never talked to John Kilpatrick
before—how
many people were at his prayer
services, but this is not just some
normal meeting.
This is not church as usual. This is going
to be church unusual.
And what you're about to see is one of
the greatest things that this world has
ever seen before. And it will take much
prayer. The Lord keeps talking to me
about it. And we've done it. We've set out
for going on three years now, praying
and praying and it keeps
growing. And the Lord keeps
adding the supply. Every one of you
brings
a supply.
Every one of you brings something
special to the party.
Somebody might bring soda. Somebody
might bring popcorn. Somebody might
bring the peanuts. But all of us bring
our supply and it makes the
party really good.
Everybody is vital to this party.
Not one is more special than the other,
but you bring in your supply of what you
brought. Maybe you brought the hot dogs.
Maybe you brought the hamburgers. I
don't know. But I'm telling you, every
single time you assemble with me and we
pray and we worship our Father together,
as 7,800 people are here right now,
I'm going to tell you there's some of
you that do not know him.
Some of you are here just out
of curiosity because of the title of the
video,
but nothing matters unless you know him.
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to
shun, ladies and gentlemen. And no one
is promised tomorrow. Not one of us.
Any of us could die in our sleep. Any of
us could die and not make it into the
next day. The very shoes you put on your
feet to go to work, the undertaker might
be taking them off that night.
You need to know my friend Jesus. And if
you're here tonight and you've never
asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and
personal savior, before I go any further
with this and talk about
finances or about anything,
you need to know my friend Jesus. But
more importantly, does he know you?
If you were to die tonight, where would
you spend eternity?
If you were to die tonight, would you go
to heaven or would you go to hell?
You need to ask yourself this
question and be very serious about this
because the time is running short.
Jesus Christ is coming. He's standing at
the door and this might be your last
opportunity to accept him.
Do not play with your future.
Do not play with eternity.
You must know him. For if you do not
know him and he says, 'Depart from me, I
never knew
you,'that
is a very scary day.
But tonight, as I see
the wheat bowing down before Jesus
and he's walking,
his hands were gliding in the wheat and
he was feeling the wheat with his
fingers.
He was moving his fingers and
the wheat was going in
between his hands
because it was so plentiful.
The wheat was so thick like
thick hair. He
was running his hands through it. But
that represented the souls of man.
It was all coming to an end. And
the Bible says that in the last day
every knee will bow and every tongue
will confess that Jesus Christ is Lord.
I want to be on the side that
he
truly is my Lord, versus just because
of what the Bible said will happen. Is
he your Lord? Do you truly know him?
Either way, you're going to confess him.
But I want to be on the right side of
the confessing.
I want to say a special prayer for you
tonight. If you're here and you've never
accepted Jesus Christ, the money's
coming, the blessing, the camels are
coming, ladies and gentlemen. He talks
about the finances all the time to me
now.
He says,
'Brandon, great blessings. These
are days of fun. The fun has just begun.
The greatest harvest of souls is going
to be fun, Brandon. But it takes money
to support
it.'But
he always is asking me to tell you
all. He said, 'Brandon, tell them again,
I'm coming. Tell them again, I'm
coming.'So,
if you're here tonight and you've
never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord
and personal savior,
I'm going to give you the opportunity
right now. He died for you publicly.
Now, I want you to be public about your
decision for him. I want you to put in
the comment section right now: I need
to be saved. I need to accept Jesus
Christ. I want to turn away from my
sins. I want to turn away from my
past. And I want a new future. Today
is your day. If you want to accept Jesus
Christ as your Lord and personal savior,
there's a heaven to gain and a hell to
shun. You must accept Jesus as your Lord
and personal savior. There are 8,000
people here right now.
This is a big auditorium
full of people. And I know there
are
many of you that think that
you've confessed. You think maybe that
you used to have a relationship with
him, but whenever the
rubber meets the road, does he know you?
Does Jesus Christ know you?
You know maybe a lot about him.
But do you know and have intimacy with
him? Do you sit at his feet daily? Or do
you just visit there maybe on Easter or
Christmas because family invited you to
go to church with them? That doesn't
make you saved.
The Bible says to turn away from your
sin, to repent of your sin.
It doesn't say for you to keep
wallowing
in your sin.
'Brandon, I need help.'He's an
ever-present help in a time of need. He's
never left you and he's never forsaken
you. He said, 'Lo, until the end of the
earth, I'll be with you always,'but you
can turn your back on him. You can walk
away. Just like the prodigal son, he
spent all that he had and he was laying
in the pig pen and he came to himself.
He said, 'I'm going to go back to my
dad's house.'And his dad
was waiting. He saw his
son coming from afar and he said, 'Is
that my boy? Is that my son
coming?'And
he had a robe. He said, "Kill the
fatted calf. My boy's coming
home."And
that's what Jesus is doing right now
with you. There's many of you that have
been in the world. You've turned
your back. But tonight's your night to
get a fresh, clean start. He's at your
heart as we speak right now, drawing
you. And he's knocking on your heart and
he's saying, "Will you let me in? Will
you come
home?"Tonight's
your night. It's time to come
home. It's time to stop running. You're
running out of time.
I yell it from the mountaintops. I yell
it in the valleys. I'm trying to warn
you that the ark door is closing and
this dispensation of grace is coming to
an end. The Great Tribulation is about
to begin. But tonight, you have an
opportunity to accept Jesus Christ. And
I want to say a simple prayer with you
right now.
And if this is speaking to you, say it
with me. Say, "Jesus,
I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose
again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner
and I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I ask you to cleanse me of all
unrighteousness.
Jesus, as of today, I turn my back on
the world. I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on my sin. And from this
day forward, Lord, I'll serve you with
all I have.
I ask you to
write my name in the Lamb's Book of
Life.
Thank you, Lord, that you wrote my name
tonight in that Lamb's Book. Thank you,
Lord, that you've given me a fresh,
clean start. Thank you, Lord, that
you've made me new
and I'm yours and I belong to you.
Today is a good day. For
this is a day that you've made and I'll
rejoice and I'll be glad in it. Thank
you, Lord. Amen. And
amen."It
doesn't have to be all religious,
folks.
He wanted it just so that a five-year-old
could do it.
Anybody can. It doesn't say come to
him
as an adult. Come to him as children. So
I believe that tonight if you just said
that prayer,
welcome to the family.
We're excited about your decision. The
great cloud of witnesses and all the
angels in heaven are rejoicing.
Even if there's just one of you, he
leaves the 99 to go after the one.
As his hand is going through the wheat,
will you serve Jesus today? Well, if
you're here and you just said that
prayer, welcome. Now, what do you do? Go
to a Bible-believing church. I'd say a
non-denominational church. Go to a
church that teaches the Word of
God, that teaches you how to stand by
faith and live by faith and everything.
And tell that pastor, "I need to be
water-baptized."Get
plugged in
there. Go to church every Sunday. Go
Wednesday whenever they have the doors
open there. Come here and pray with us.
Read your Bible and pray. And that's
basically it. It's easy. And start
witnessing, telling people about what
you've done. Give an account. Tell
everybody, "Hey, I just accepted Jesus
and he's washed me. He's made me
clean."So,
if you can't afford a Bible or you've
said this prayer with us, all 90 of
you—there's
90 people that gave their heart
to Jesus Christ tonight. We rejoice for
all 90 of you. Welcome to the family.
Almost 10%, over
10%?
No, it's not 90 out of 8,000.
See, Brandon's math's bad.
I caught it though. But
we want to give you a Bible for free.
We want to bless you. My wife and I love
to bless the new people getting born
again here on this channel. We'll give
you a Bible. It's in the description
down below. There's an email down there.
Email us. Say, "I want my
Bible."We
want to give it to anybody who got born
again on this channel. We want to bless
you. And so, we just want to celebrate
your decision tonight to accept Jesus
Christ as your Lord and personal savior.
And so we'll give you the Bible
and no strings attached. We don't want
nothing from you other than just to
rejoice with you for your decision. God
bless you and welcome to the family. All
right. Now we can go tubing. But the
Lord said, "I want you to do that
first."And
he showed me that vision.
That was awesome. I love to look at him
when he does that. I see that
happen a lot.
He walks in the wheat. He's always
walking. He said, "Bring in the
harvest."90
people tonight gave their
heart to Jesus Christ.
That's wonderful.
So, okay, now we can go on.
Father, we just worship you. We
thank you, Father, for every person that
is represented here tonight.
Now, there's a lot of you don't
understand tongues either, and you want
to know more about it. Get the book 'Why
Tongues'by
Kenneth
E.
Hagin.
It is a wonderful book.
It's a
little bitty thing, but it's
probably like a dollar. You might even
find it for free. Read
about it. And that's Why Tongues.
It's Acts chapter 2. And I believe in
the baptism of the Holy Ghost
unashamedly. I pray in tongues. And I
believe it's the power gift that gets
the job done in these last days. Praying
in the spirit. Praying in the spirit
with a brand new tongue.
I believe that's what you should be
doing. And it's for everybody.
I
believe it's for everybody. And read
that book and it will help you. Father,
I thank you, Lord, right now in the name
of Jesus.
Father, we thank you, Lord, today.
I put it out there now. We pray.
It's waiting right there and
it's just trying to barge right on
in and just try to tell, "Well, this is
what we're going to do because we're
just praying in the spirit."I feel it.
We're just praying. You don't just go on
machine gun tongues and you just start
ripping through there and going, "This
is what we're going to do."No, no, no,
no. I just wait.
Just wait on him. You can feel it and
he'll go in the river. And if you just
let him flow with you,
let him take over. But it's not
just him take over your tongue. I'm not
talking about that. I'm talking about
praying through you for the
manifestations of the glory.
Do you understand?
Praying and let the Holy Spirit flow
through you.
It's a dance.
Let him lead, you follow. Let him
lead, you follow.
Don't be
rude. Pray.
Holy Spirit, we invite you.
Now I plead the blood. I plead the blood
over my eyes. I plead the blood. I
bind any kind of
demonic attacks. We thank you, Lord.
The blood. The blood.
The blood. We make much of the blood.
Thank you, Lord. I got direction
now. We're praying for the Rockefeller
tree lighting tomorrow night. I
saw
the tree highlighted
before me. I said you're going there
first.
It's about the subways.
All day.
I see the East River. I see
New York. I see the
lights off
in the great buildings above. All the
lights are off. It's dark. It's
a power issue. You see, there's a
power issue
upon the power grid. Upon the power
grid.
All day.
I see New Jersey
Bay.
I see people rioting in the street.
Take this. And he had a robe. He said, "Kill the fatted calf. My boy's coming home."And that's what Jesus is doing right now with you. There's many of you that have been in the world. You've turned your back. But tonight's your night to get a fresh, clean start. He's at your heart as we speak right now, drawing you. And he's knocking on your heart and he's saying, "Will you let me in? Will you come home?"Tonight's your night. It's time to come home. It's time to stop running. You're running out of time. I yell it from
the mountaintops. I yell it in the valleys. I'm trying to warn you that the ark door is closing and this dispensation of grace is coming to an end. The Great Tribulation is about to begin. But tonight, you have an opportunity to accept Jesus Christ. And I want to say a simple prayer with you right now. And if this is speaking to you, say it with me. Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God. I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day. Jesus, I'm a sinner and I
ask you to forgive me of my sins. I ask you to cleanse me of all unrighteousness. Jesus, as of today, I turn my back on the world. I turn my back on the devil. I turn my back on my sin. And from this day forward, Lord, I'll serve you with all I have. I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life. Thank you, Lord, that you wrote my name tonight in that Lamb's Book. Thank you, Lord, that you've given me a fresh, clean start. Thank you, Lord, that you've made me
new and I'm yours and I belong to you. Today is a good day. For this is a day that you've made and I'll rejoice and I'll be glad in it. Thank you, Lord. Amen. And amen."It doesn't have to be all religious, folks. He wanted it just so that a five-year-old could do it. Anybody can. It doesn't say come to him as an adult. Come to him as children. So I believe that tonight if you just said that prayer, welcome to the family. We're excited about your decision. The great cloud of witnesses and all
the angels in heaven are rejoicing. Even if there's just one of you, he leaves the 99 to go after the one. As his hand is going through the wheat, will you serve Jesus today? Well, if you're here and you just said that prayer, welcome. Now, what do you do? Go to a Bible-believing church. I'd say a non-denominational church. Go to a church that teaches the Word of God, that teaches you how to stand by faith and live by faith and everything. And tell that pastor, "I need to be water-baptized."Get plugged in there. Go to
church every Sunday. Go Wednesday whenever they have the doors open there. Come here and pray with us. Read your Bible and pray. And that's basically it. It's easy. And start witnessing, telling people about what you've done. Give an account. Tell everybody, "Hey, I just accepted Jesus and he's washed me. He's made me clean."So, if you can't afford a Bible or you've said this prayer with us, all 90 of you—there's 90 people that gave their heart to Jesus Christ tonight. We rejoice for all 90 of you. Welcome to the family. Almost 10%, over 10%?
No, it's not 90 out of 8,000. See, Brandon's math's bad. I caught it though. But we want to give you a Bible for free. We want to bless you. My wife and I love to bless the new people getting born again here on this channel. We'll give you a Bible. It's in the description down below. There's an email down there. Email us. Say, "I want my Bible."We want to give it to anybody who got born again on this channel. We want to bless you. And so, we just want to celebrate your decision tonight to accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior. And so we'll give you the Bible and no strings attached. We don't want nothing from you other than just to rejoice with you for your decision. God bless you and welcome to the family. All right. Now we can go tubing. But the Lord said, "I want you to do that first."And he showed me that vision. That was awesome. I love to look at him when he does that. I
see that happen a lot. He walks in the wheat. He's always walking. He said, "Bring in the harvest."90 people tonight gave their heart to Jesus Christ. That's wonderful. So, okay, now we can go on. Father, we just worship you. We thank you, Father, for every person that is represented here tonight. Now, there's a lot of you
don't understand tongues either, and you want to know more about it. Get the book 'Why Tongues'by Kenneth E. Hagin. It is a wonderful book. It's a little bitty thing, but it's probably like a dollar. You might even find it for free. Read about it. And that's Why Tongues. It's Acts chapter 2. And I believe in the baptism of the Holy Ghost unashamedly. I pray in tongues. And I believe it's the power gift that gets the job done in these last days. Praying in the spirit. Praying in the spirit with a brand new tongue. I believe that's what you should be doing. And it's for everybody. I believe it's for everybody. And read that book and it will help you. Father, I thank you, Lord, right now in the name of Jesus. Father, we thank you, Lord, today. I put it out there now. We pray. It's waiting right there and it's just trying to barge right on in and just try to tell, "Well, this is what we're going to do because we're just praying in the spirit."I feel it. We're just praying. You don't
just
go
on machine gun tongues
and you just
start ripping through there
and going, "This
is
what
we're
going
to
do."No,
no, no, no.
I
just
wait.
Just
wait
on
him.
You
can
feel
it
and
he'll
go
in
the
river.
And
if
you
just
let
him
flow
with
you,
let
him
take
over.
But
it's not just him take over your tongue. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about praying through you
for the manifestations of the glory. Do you understand? Praying and let the Holy Spirit flow through you.
It's a dance. Let him lead, you follow. Let him lead, you follow. Don't be rude. Pray. Holy Spirit, we invite you. Now I plead the blood. I plead the blood over my eyes. I plead the blood. I bind any kind of demonic attacks. We thank you, Lord. The blood. The
blood. The blood. We make much of the blood. Thank you, Lord. I got direction now. We're praying for the Rockefeller tree lighting tomorrow night. I saw the tree highlighted before me. I said you're going there first.
It's about the
subways. All
day.
I see the East River. I
see
New York. I see the lights off in the great buildings above. All the lights are off. It's dark.
It's a
power issue.
You see,
there's a
power
issue
upon
the
power
grid.
Upon
the
power
grid.
All
day.
I see
New Jersey
Bay.
I see
people
rioting
in
the
street.
Take
this.
I see drones
built for war on
land.
I see a drone
with
a great
50-caliber
weapon on it.
It looks like something out of
Terminator
with
a
titanium shell on
its
shield.
There's a
round thing and a
50-caliber
gun coming out of
it. It has
clips
that
you
hook together
and
spin really fast.
It's a round-looking shield,
thick and
looking
almost like a brain,
on
tracks that look like tank
tracks.
It's
built up and
the Lord said this is
a drone
for
greater drone warfare.
This is China and
an
AI race.
I heard the Holy Spirit
say, 'It's a greater
race. They're ahead of you in the
race.'It's
because of Joe Biden and the
administration. Trump
is
trying to catch up, but
we've been delayed
because of these people.
It's so important to vote
well.
I see Joe Biden again right now, but
he's bent over
almost like he's sick.
He
warned
us.
Oh,
he warned us about this.
He's about to go; there
is a big thick blanket on him right now
in a wheelchair.
Pray for his soul.
You must pray for his soul.
He
is
more
than
anything—He
doesn't want anybody to go to hell.
Even in the last seconds,
you can turn to
Him.
He said, 'It's not for every eye to
see
that you come to
me.'It
doesn't matter what you see.
Even your relatives that you
didn't think made it, it
just takes seconds.
'Come unto me.'He's all
about the souls and the
harvest. He doesn't want any to perish,
but all to come to repentance. He's
a merciful God
of love.
None of us deserved
it; we all deserved hell.
All have sinned and come short of the
glory. He
is
all alone in
his room,
going
home in the cold
with
nobody by his side.
That's where most of you will be if you
don't turn to Him.
Sin is fun for a season,
but death is in sin.
I keep
looking across the land and I see a
dark cloud above.
Sometimes I'm looking
over into the tribulation,
but
we're interceding, and this is not the
tribulation because of the way the
prayer is going.
It's a heavy warning.
It's
like
the way those old war movies were,
like Saving
Private
Ryan.
We cling to you, Father, and we pray for
protection.
I thank
you, Lord, that you're the peace in the
storm.
I believe you showed me another part of
the vision,
a puzzle piece
of
the plague.
He's shown me
it
hitting
the
shore
up northeast.
The plague is
this virus, but then He shows the AI and
these
boils.
I'm
taking a break
because
seeing
that
pulls a lot out of you. I'm tired, but
we have the victory.
You must know your authority
and
who you are.
He
mentioned
'the
Romans.'Who
had the Trojan
horse? Was it the Romans
or
the Greeks?
The Greeks gave
the
Trojan
horse—I
was talking about Rome.
The enemy within
gets it to the Trojans.
I wonder why the Lord was talking
about Rome. Then I saw the power
grid go down and everyone
was freezing with no heat in
their houses. He said, 'Don't
take it. They're going to try
to force it on you.
It's not what you think; it's not going to help you.'People were taking it and they were done. This is not something to play with. A bouquet was a bouquet. He's
talking about
dogwoods
and lamb's quarters.
I don't know if that's a cure for
heart
cases or something like
that. It will be hard
for
multiple days. Multiple days.
I saw people
in New York fleeing.
They were trying to come, like I told
you, a mass migration. But the
people there were so cold. For whatever
reason, I saw the grid down.
It could be
a metaphor, but there was no power from
Toronto all the way down to Miami.
All the East Coast was dark.
What would cause all
of the East Coast to go black? All the
buildings were out and it was cold. The
people were freezing. I
know it was cold because I could see
their breath.
Do you remember he told you that? He
said you saw New York City and the
streets were empty. It
was all cold,
and the snow was falling.
I could see
snowflakes
coming down, and the gypsy cart
was moving back and forth.
I don't know what that was about.
It was all inside;
it was in disarray. That light was
flickering, and the gypsy cart was moving
down there. I've never understood
that. The Lord said,
"Look at the moon."It was a full
moon and it was moving.
The gypsy cart was moving,
and there were only a couple of snowflakes
coming out, and it was completely
desolate. The streets were desolate.
It was during the cold, again the virus,
and the Lord keeps telling me November and
December—not
of this year, but
watch 2027,
the
fall of 2027 going into
2028. Pray over this time frame
during Trump's
administration.
He kept talking about the dog, and
then I thought that was interesting.
What about lamb's quarters? Because he
talked about Ireland.
He said Ireland
had a white flower on it,
like a
little bud.
But he was talking about dogwood.
What is it about the dogwood? Do you eat
dogwood?
This is us just talking. It
lifted off of me.
I try to rehash it
with him so we keep record of it. We
don't want to lose it; they're all
pieces of the puzzle. The Lord's trying
to talk to us and I'm hearing
him, but I want to keep record
of it. So we write it down, and
Braden and I are doing
this
with y'all publicly. But I saw the
dogwood, and I want to know why.
Where does
dogwood originate from?
Dogwood originated
in Asia, Europe, and North America.
There isn't any kind
of benefit from it; you don't eat it.
It's just a beautiful tree.
I wonder
if it's a parasite killer. Does dogwood
kill parasites?
Is it like dogwood
bark? We'll have to study it.
What is God saying?
There are historical beliefs that
the bark or leaves of the tree can be used to
treat intestinal parasites, but this is
not supported by strong scientific
evidence.
So
what do lamb's quarters do?
Could he be showing us a cure for the
plague?
God gives
wisdom to his people. Could this be a
parasite that could
be warded off by dogwood? Does
dogwood mean the time frame of the
year?
Do
lamb's quarters and dogwood bloom
at the same time?
Dogwoods
probably bloom in the spring.
You don't see
lamb's quarters in the winter, and
you
sure don't see those blooms
on a tree in the winter
or
like that in the spring.
Would you see lamb's
quarters like that in the summer?
Lamb's quarter is a nutritious plant rich
in vitamins A, C, K, and
B-complex,
minerals, calcium, iron, potassium, and
protein. It offers health benefits such
as improving digestion due to its fiber
content.
Both of them have
something to do with
your intestines
and
anti-inflammatory effects.
Prayer is so fun.
Lamb's quarters bloom from May through
October.
Why did he talk about Ireland?
Ireland's cold, right?
In
the
mouths
of these people, there was a
froth,
similar to the sexually transmitted
disease that I saw on the
genitals of the people that
would make them eunuchs. When
the Lord showed me that froth coming out
of their mouth from oral
contact,
the Lord said, "This
is a new sexually transmitted
disease."They
had this nasty
stuff coming out of their mouth and it
was repulsive.
But those boils looked
on their tongues and on the side of
their mouth and went down their
throat, and there were boils on their skin.
I saw boils the size of
half dollars,
massive looking boils. They were
painful like sores.
There were too many people sick,
and they
had that big boat out in the
water in New York
and New Jersey.
In
the space race,
I saw a thing
that went into the moon's surface that
came out like a dome with lights on it.
It looked like box windows of some
kind of light, but they had made
a
base to
escape the Earth and
get away from all the drama
to go to the moon. I saw a
base that looked like pods,
but people
were trying to fly up there to stay
on the moon.
Then I
saw new drones,
drone warfare, and the Lord said, "AI
race."Then
he saw the mime, but the mime
was crying.
No, he wasn't doing
that with his face; he was fake
crying.
He was
sobbing, but there was no
noise.
He had tears, but
no noise. The
face paint
on his
face was teardrops
on both sides,
black with white filling.
He
was
a
heavy-set
guy
with
a
black and white shirt on.
Joe Biden?
No, he was sitting all by himself in a
wheelchair
with
a
plaid
lap blanket. It was a
red and gray
plaid blanket,
like a Burberry
blanket.
He had
a robe on and he was bent over in
serious
pain, touching his groin
area and his stomach.
The Lord
said,
"He's about to go; pray for his
soul."He
was
touching his
lower bowels
where your stomach meets your
groin, all that area. He was grabbing
it and was bent over in
his chair. He looked like
he was in excruciating pain, but he was
all by himself in a room; everybody had
abandoned him. He said, "He’s all
alone. He’s all
alone."He
had
a
blanket over his lap.
I see
these things and it’s interesting.
Just keep praying into it,
y’all,
and the Lord will show you
more and more. I think
it’s
interesting; I’m doing a live
with almost 8,000
people, but you just keep
going and be real with folks.
If you want to grow, you want to grow.
If you want to keep praying, this is
what I do. I appreciate every single
one of you who stick around
and pray with me.
It’s
heavy.
This was heavy. Last time was a lot of
fun, but this was sad. There are a lot of
people suffering in this. I could see a
lot of people having a hard time,
and they were cold. Their breath was
coming out of their
mouths.
They were cold. He said,
"Cold."There
was no heat, there was no power,
and it was cold for
multi-days.
What would cause no power for
multi-days?
Is this an attack? Is this a
cyberattack?
Is this an attack against our
nation? There are a lot of things you can
do, and it’s dangerous to do what
I’m
doing right now—I’m just talking it out
with
Braden—but
what would that be? You
don’t
want to add to or take away
from anything you’re seeing. I
try
to discern what I’m seeing.
"What is it, Lord? Why Washington,
D.C.?"Even
the buildings in Washington,
D.C., were completely dark.
The Capitol was dark. Now, they might
have a generator—I don’t know, I’ve never
been there—but it was dark. Is this
symbolic? The White House even looked
dark. Why? Because in other visions
I’ve
seen, the White House is on.
The White House has a
generator—probably
the best in the
world—and you’re
never going
to go dark at the White House, but
the lights were off. It
looked gray. There was a haze outside; it
was a fog. Remember?
I said everything was a fog.
There’s
a fog on the
land—fog
in New York, fog in
Washington, fog in Toronto.
The
vision
was very interesting.
It was the
first thing;
it was very symbolic.
I feel released
to go. Thank you for praying with
me. I tried to pray more than talk
tonight.
I try to keep on track
so
that we do our
job. I’m not here to entertain you. You started communion an hour and 40 minutes ago, so we prayed quite a while. You get lost in prayer. God
bless you all. Could you do me a favor?
Subscribe, like, and click the notification
bell.
We’re
believing for a
million-man-and-woman
prayer army. I’ll answer
a couple of
questions before I go
to
get
refreshed before we dip in the
river again tomorrow night.
I’m
trying to be consistent, but I need a
break sometimes. It’s a lot of work. I
told Braden last night
that
I need a break to just
sit down and fill myself up. I
drank
my tea tonight. I got
"three days of darkness."No, he said
multi-days—more
than three.
It looked
like months.
If I’m a guessing man,
it’s
an EMP.
It looked
like some kind of EMP,
either cyber warfare or they did
something crazy, because it
was dark everywhere. The buildings had
no lights and people were rioting
and
looting.
Diana got me a Yeti cup and it
keeps my stuff
hot. They’re
asking if you saw
"Mayday"again.
No, I don’t think I saw it. I might
have said it, but I
didn’t
see anything like the last
time when I was driving;
that’s
when I saw "Mayday."The Lord
said, "Pearl?"It was a Pearl Harbor event.
He said, "Mayday? They’re not
going to come on the beach of Normandy,
son. They’re already
here."People
say,
"I
don’t
believe
that."No,
thank Joe
Biden—they’re
here in the
nation. The Lord keeps saying it:
"Pray,
pray. Certain areas are more
protected than
others."Thank
God for President
Trump; we lift him up and thank You
that his arteries are clean and that he
lives long and finishes strong. They’re
asking,
"Is the fog like
the yellow fog you
saw, waist-high?"The
fog was the same
color—it
was
mustard-looking—but
it was all
over everything.
The fog grew up the buildings like a
fungus.
It
was
about two
feet
thick
and
was on everything,
coming up the trees.
It’s
the same as when I told you I saw the
plague while I was in Edmond, Oklahoma,
at the Sprouts grocery store.
You can watch that video where I
showed you the makeshift
white tents. People
were
on cots and the nurses had suits
that looked like trash bags with
things
on their faces.
They were just trying to
keep IVs in them to keep them hydrated, because
if they had it, they were dead.
Unless you know
Jesus Christ, they "went
home."That’s
why He kept saying,
"multi-death,
multi-death."I’m
not called to fear; I’m called to
pray. I believe we can stop
this or we have time.
This is only 2026. If what
I’ve
seen is the fall of 2027,
that’s
almost two years. We have a lot of
time to pray. Let’s
make
this thing
a greasy spot. You know,
like when you
hit roadkill and
it leaves
a greasy spot
in the road.
We’re
going to keep
plowing this thing over
and
believe God for the finances for this
nation with this industrial revolution
and
the
greatest revival yet to come.
That could be
the tribulation.
Let's believe God that Jesus Christ
comes before this drama.
That's my job.
Let's have our revival. Let's see the
great amazing move of God, and
let's get out of here. Jesus, come
and get us. I pray it all the time. I'm
ready to get out of here, Lord, by the
rapture—not
by death, but by the
rapture. Let's go. Come and get us.
It doesn't take long. I told you when I
went to the Tribulation, I saw how long the
revival lasts. It only lasts about six
months, and it starts every single time.
I saw it
start in the summer months. It looked
like May, and it went May, June, July,
August, September, and we were out of
here:
Rosh
Hashanah.
I told you something I never talk about:
it doesn't last very long.
The revival is fast. It happens fast,
and when it happens, it goes quick and
it's a massive explosion of the glory,
and we're out of here. I told you I
believe with all my heart we go home at
Rosh
Hashanah.
It's a
timeframe,
but I'm believing God. From what I
have seen, it's around
Trump's
term. Let's get out. I'm believing God
for
a major move of God. I always say
the revival starts in spring and goes
through summer through these tent
revivals. They're outside, and we're out
of here by the fall. It doesn't
take a long time. Think about
this:
if God dumps His Spirit out on,
say, 7,400 people here
right now and God touched every single
one of us
with the Holy Ghost and fire and you
start seeing 7,400 people walking around
with the glory, we could change the
world. If twelve could do it
of His elite disciples, how
much more could 7,400 of us do? He's
wanting to raise up a million-man
and woman
prayer army on this channel to
pray because He said it will be
birthed out of prayer. So if that's the
case,
He has a plan. Oh, what a plan; oh, what a
planner! And this is just one prayer
group. Sister Billye Brim has a prayer
group with her WWPs, and we talk about
that all the time on Wednesdays. They
have their prayer group, and thousands
pray with that. Thousands pray with
this. Thousands pray at Eagle Mountain—thousands
of
folks. We're going to get this
job done. Look at
John Kilpatrick's Church
and Perry Stone and all
these others. I'm telling you, it's not
going to take much. If everybody just
joins together and we come together as a
family and we start praying, we're going
to change this thing;
many hands make light work. And
the Lord said, 'Be consistent. Keep
hitting this thing; keep pounding.
Hit that
thing, and we're going to get this
job
done.'I'm
determined to walk with Him. So support
me, be here, and pray with me. That's what
I'm talking about. Come sign up, click
the notification bell, and like it.
Let's get this thing done.
Let's get Jesus here. Let's get out of
here. Get what He's looking for. He
said, 'I'm looking for the unsaved, the
harvest.'And
I'm like, if that's His
heart's desire, let's make Him happy and
let's go home.
If that's what He's after,
I'm like, 'Go, Lord, pour out the
glory on me.'I'll touch them. I'll go out
there and I'll go lay hands on
the street corners; I don't care. Let's
just get the job done, folks. I've seen
the other side. There is nothing here in
this world—no mansions, no jets, no
watches, no
nothing—that
the world could ever throw at you. The
finest things the world has to
offer are trash compared to
what He has.
Who cares?
Let's get the job done and go home. It's
all tools anyway.
You're going to leave it no matter what.
We get the
blessing and the outpouring of this
stuff, and what He's
talking about is the finances.
We're doing
what we've got to do with it, and we say
bye-bye.
I want
to get this job done. So
thank you for taking this seriously and
praying with me because this is my life.
I want to see my Father;
we want to
go to heaven, and it's going to be
amazing.
People say, 'I don't know,'but
I say,
'No, I do know. I'm trying to tell
y'all, I've seen
it.'I
just try to stir you up and encourage you
every day that you have what it takes to
make it. We can do this. And we're going
to keep praying and
occupy until He comes. We're going
to do it with a backbone like a crowbar,
and we're not going to shrink back and
let the devil whip us. We're going to
whip the devil. We have the power and
the authority to tread on him, and
nothing shall by any means hurt us.
Either you believe it or you don't.
We are believing believers. He
said, 'I've come to set the captives
free, Brandon.'And I say, 'Okay, God,
we'll do this
together.'All
7,400 of
you watching this right now, I
just want to
encourage you because I know you're not
getting it in those churches with the
skinny jeans and fog machines. You're
getting a lukewarm gospel, and there's
not very many people telling you what
I'm telling you. I'm trying to tell
you what I hear straight from the
Father's heart.
They're asking if it's
mustard gas, but
no, it's not
mustard gas. That's what hits Israel;
that's what they're going to use
from Iran against Israel in the days
ahead at night. They're going to poison
them. That's what the Lord kept telling
me: it's fifty-gallon drums; they'll
come out of Syria. And that's
why Damascus will become a ruinous
heap;
watch. They bring it out of Damascus.
I've seen it.
And the Lord said it will be worse than
the seventh. They
are
regrouping
and
devising a plan. They say they
want peace, but they are liars;
they want revenge.
That's why the Lord kept bringing up
Qasem
Soleimani.
He said, 'Pray, Brandon. They want
revenge from Trump taking out Qasem
Soleimani.'You
must pray because
they want to hurt his kids for it.
That's why I bring up Don Jr. all the
time. Because of Qasem
Soleimani and
because of Iran, they have paid people
to try to hurt Trump's kids
because he took out their
general in Iraq. Y'all know who that is?
It was one of the top generals of Iran's
army, and they want revenge
for Trump taking him out with that
drone. And the Lord keeps bringing it up
to me. He said, 'You must pray over Don
Jr. He's a target because of
this.'It's
because they're mad
that
we took out that
terrorist. He's a terrorist,
so good
riddance.
But we pray for our President Trump.
He's covered in so much prayer.
I just
believe in the power of the Holy Ghost
and prayer and the blood of Jesus.
It gets exciting being a
believing believer. Even whenever
the enemy comes and says, 'I'm going to kill you, Brandon,'I say,
'Ha!
If you were going to, you would
have
done it a long time ago.
You have no power over
me.'Jesus
is my Lord; He protects me.
Jesus
was walking in the
midst of the wheat tonight, and we had
ninety
salvations. He
was focused
on the
people,
the
wheat, tonight. He was
walking and feeling it in His
fingers.
I said, 'Oh,
thank you, Lord, for Your
time.'We'll
keep
praying
for the event
tomorrow night.
I try to
see what you see.
Say hi to him. Why are you
laughing?
No,
I don't ever get to be a part.
Yeah, I know. You get to be a part.
Are you tired? You ready to go?
Yeah.
Where's my
thing?
I can get it.
It says 'your videos.'I don't know how to
find it, buddy.
Okay, I can get
there.
Did you see my shirt?
They're all talking about
it.
What,
about your green shirt?
You like my green?
They say you got holes in it.
Yeah,
He said, 'Thanks.'There's a lot of you.
Are
there more natural disasters
to pray over? Yes, lots of natural
disasters. I pray over those natural
disasters all the time. He keeps showing
it's like the tide.
Prayer is like the tide;
it
comes in and comes out. Different tides,
the high tides, everything.
It's the pulse of the day. It changes
like the tide. He has you on different
assignments, and every single time, if you
notice, it's always different but always
comes back and you see the tide again.
Do they see it? Do they have its
patterns? He talks about the money. He
talks about terrorist attacks. He talks
about weather events. He talks about
tsunamis. He'll talk about the plague.
He'll talk about the president's health. But
it always goes in a cycle, kind of
like a figure-eight. You just
keep going with it, like
a
ballroom dance, but it always is.
Is it kind of like waxing and waning?
I'm trying to say
the tide changes,
but it always comes back. The tide
always comes back, and that's the way it
is with prayer.
Sometimes you hit the same thing over.
Usually, if you're in a small
group—like
I've noticed whenever I'm in
smaller prayer groups—sometimes you hit
the same thing over and over, and God
will take you back to that vein
all the time. Just like at our
church, they'll hit the same thing
over and over again because that's
their assignment.
And God will—until He releases you from
that assignment—you'll keep praying
over that same assignment, sometimes for
a year or two years.
I personally don't like doing that; I
get bored.
But I do it, and I've done it,
and you just keep hitting that and
you'll get bits and
pieces of it. But what seems to be
interesting with this, as big as this
prayer group is, He gives us pieces and
we go around it, and then a
couple of weeks later, we hit it again.
But He adds more to it.
Like the plague. He never saw that
aspect of that.
Braden loves that.
The five pillars. Everybody wants to know
about the five pillars.
I've talked about the five pillars. I
don't talk about the five pillars
because I'm not an investment advisor,
but I've tried to tell y'all the five
pillars are important. All
that what God is going to do—the three
islands—it
all goes exactly with what the
Lord has shown me concerning
stablecoins
and how they call
and altcoins.
It's the Wild Wild West,
and a lot of them will fall like stars
in the days ahead.
A lot of them will—from what I've
seen—they
will fall like stars.
What is the function? What does it do?
So, I think it's pretty much good.
Well, in
a seeker-friendly
church, they ain't
teaching you how to stand.
They're in trouble. Imagine going to one
of those and not hearing any of this and
the storm comes and you're like,
'What's going on?'Because the pastor's
responsible, because he's teaching you a
bunch of porridge. That's why I try to
say you have a bunch of breast milk
that's powdered because it's so old.
No, purgatory is not real.
Purgatory is not real. You're
either in hell or you're in heaven;
there's no in-between. And you're not
paying for somebody to get out of hell.
I'm just going to be real with you:
you're not going to pay. You're not
praying them out of hell. You're not
praying somebody out of hell. You're not
praying them out of purgatory.
Either you accepted Jesus Christ as your
Lord and personal Savior, or you didn't.
That's why it's so important that you
make the decision to either have Him or
you don't. But there's no priest going
to pray you out. There's nobody. No. The
Bible says it's appointed unto man once
to die and after that the judgment. It
doesn't say there's a purgatory.
You either know it or you don't. And
there's so much religious garbage that
people try to teach you, and it's not the
word of God. Look at your Bible. What
does the black and white tell you?
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in
victory. And either you
accepted Him as Lord and Savior, or
you didn't. But there is
nobody making penance for you, and
you're not going to buy somebody out of
purgatory or hell. It's a lie.
And I know that might tick some people
off, but it's the truth. And I'll stand
before God and I'll give an account
for
what I've said. And it's the truth.
What was the copper pot?
They're so funny. I love these people.
What was the copper pot? It was the
investment,
but
it was written on the copper
pot—a
word that I'm not allowed to
say because the angel told me I
couldn't.
I believe the pets will go to
heaven. Yes,
I believe God gives us our
hearts'desires,
and He's not going to let
our pets suffer down here
because He loves us and He loves our
pets. If the sparrow of the air He cares
about and the lily of the field He cares
about, how much more does He care about
your little doggy or your cat? I don't
worry about that stuff. I believe
with all my heart that God cares even
about those things. He gets upset
when there is any bloodshed like that. Think
about it. He loves everything, y'all. He
created it for all of us to richly enjoy
it. So I believe with all my heart that
our animals are coming with us. He's not
going to say, 'Bye, Scruffy. I'll see you
in seven years and you go through the
Tribulation.'I
don't believe that. Or,
'Bye, little kitty. I love you so much; I
took care of you every day, and I'm
leaving.'God's
not mean; God is love.
I just can't see my Father doing that.
And being baptized in the Holy Ghost,
He's not going to take your tongue and
wag it for you.
The Holy Spirit, as I told you, He ain't going
to grab your tongue and make it wag
for you. Telling other
people—that's
why I said read the book Why
Tongues—either you're
going to pray in the
Holy Ghost and
you make the utterance out of you, and
then out of your belly shall flow rivers
of living water. He takes over
after you start talking it out.
So,
any tips on doing deliverance healing?
Do you need to be baptized first?
I mean, there's always such tricky
questions. I think
every believer needs to be baptized.
It's one of
the things that we all need.
Everybody needs to make a stand and be
water-baptized.
Now, does that disqualify you
from deliverance, that you can't cast a
devil out of somebody? The moment you
accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and
Savior, you're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost; He
dwells on the inside of you.
You invited Him in. You have the Holy
Ghost and fire right there. You can
raise the dead and cast out devils freely.
So, the baptism of
water is just an outward expression of
saying, 'Hey, I'm all in.
I'm all in, man. I'm sold out.
Look, everybody around me—mom, dad,
family—hey
look, I'm getting in this
water. I'm telling you the old man has
passed away. Behold, He's made all
things new. I'm coming out of that water
brand new.'Woo! Hallelujah! But
it's just an outward expression, saying,
'Hey, I'm all
in.'The
moment you accept Jesus
Christ,
the Holy Ghost and fire is all
inside of you. He changes you from the
inside out.
He doesn't say, 'Well, I'm waiting for
you to go and get baptized before I
enter.'The
moment I say, 'Jesus, come in my
life,'He's
there.
So,
I don't know about the 144,000. I told you
all, I'm not a Book
of Revelation scholar. You need people
like Perry Stone and Rick Renner and
people like that
who
talk about all that deep stuff. Sister
Billie
talks about stuff like that. To
me,
the Book of Revelation is like this,
you know? I read it all the
time; I tell Diana, 'Read it to me.
Read it to me.'I want to learn it. But to me, there
are
certain people
who
are really gifted at understanding
all
that—Babylon
and all that stuff.
Those
people are way over the top;
they're
smart.
I stick to what I know, and I know
prayer. I can teach you how to flow
in the Holy Ghost in prayer, but I don't
try to do things that I don't know.
Stick in your lane. Stay in your lane.
Don't try to teach Revelation if you
aren't
gifted in teaching it, because you'll
confuse people and be foolish.
I
don't want to add
to
the confusion. Stick with what
you know; don't try to deviate.
Leave that to Perry.
I'll teach you how to flow in
the Holy Ghost and pray, and I get
results. I feel like God's
anointed me to do that, so that's what I
keep doing. I stick with what I do. I
tell you, I lay hands on people and I see
them get healed. I understand faith and
I know it takes, you know, and that's
what we stick with here.
So, congratulations on being
baptized Sunday.
How do you manage it? You see a lot of
things that I see. How do you manage it?
You put it on a shelf. You don't
mull
it around. I see
it, I put it on a shelf, and I don't let
it inside
me.
I don't allow that. If I sit
there and think about all the people I
see dying all the time and it gets
inside, it makes you sad. It's not
for me to carry. I see it, I pray
through it, and I give it to Him. I
cast my care upon Him, for He cares for
me. I don't sit and
meditate on it all the time. I see
dark stuff and I just go, 'Okay,
thank you, Lord.'Like tonight, I see all
what I saw. None of that bothers me.
I don't believe in 'once saved, always
saved.'I
do not believe in it. I believe
you can turn away from it. I believe
He's always there and you
have Him, but you can turn your back on
Him. The very sin you say you repented
of, you went back to and you're wallowing in it. So
if you're saved from it and then you go
back to it, are you still saved?
That's foolish.
No, there's not a 'once saved, always
saved.'I
don't believe that. You can
turn your back on Jesus just like how
you came to Him. 'Yes, I want you. No, I
don't.'So
those people who say, 'No, I
don't,'are
they still saved? No. You're
going to hell, just telling you.
I'm praying Venezuela will be
free by 2026.
Why not?
Wouldn't it be wonderful if Venezuela
had a major revival in 2026?
Let's believe God, y'all. Why do we keep
kicking this thing down the road? Let's
just believe God now for a major revival
to start to happen. I'm believing
God that He'll come back this fall by Rosh
Hashanah.
Let's believe God. Why do we
want to wait down
the road? I'm always believing for
Him. I have a window of
time for the next Shemitah cycle. I'll
say that again: the next Shemitah cycle.
But I'm always looking for Him every
day—the
next Shemitah cycle.
So
reincarnation is wrong.
It's appointed unto man once to die, and
after that the judgment. There's only
one time you die. Once to die, and after
that the judgment. He didn't say multiple
times.
Reincarnation? You come back and be
a butterfly or a dog
or your favorite horse. No, it's
appointed unto man once to die, and after
that the judgment. The Bible's clear
about that.
There's no such thing as reincarnation.
All right, we love you all. Good night.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a
song in your heart. Jesus loves you so
much and we love you all. God
bless you. See you again tomorrow.
Bye-bye.